Hey welcome back.
In this video we're going to look at a tool called better dictation.
This is a tool that's a single purchase.
And then it will use a localized open source model called whisper, which is built by OpenAI so that
you can use transcription for free after doing one purchase.
I'd really recommend on buying this tool, because you can use this dictation directly inside any input
box, either in the chat window or inside a composer.
Let's have a look at how we can use this dictation tool to streamline the work of your development process.
All right, so I'm in a new project inside of cursor.
And what we're going to use is the better dictation tool.
So I'm going to hit command shift.
And I'm going to load up a cursor window.
And then I'm going to actually use better dictation to talk directly to composer I want to build a full
stack web application that uses to do lists on the fast API backend.
And then for the front end of the side of the application, I'd like to use an index.html file.
We want to be able to add, remove, update and delete to do's.
Can you make this a really super dope program?
Let's go and there you go.
So basically we've just got the ability to directly talk to composer using dictation.
You can also do the exact same thing inside the chat box or inside the inline edits.
So now I've got this application.
The other thing we might want to do is we might want to also make it into a SQLite database.
So I'm going to also then go and accept all these changes and then say, can you make this into a SQLite
database and show me how to run this web application?
And there we go again.
We're dictating to cursor.
And composer is now doing its stuff and it's rewriting the Main.py file.
And you can see here it's doing some updates.
It's also told us that we need to install these things.
I'm now going to go and have a look here.
So what have we got.
We've got a fast API.
Let's run these Pip installs and make sure we have everything.
So I'm just going to go to an integrated terminal and we're going to run all those.
Let's have a look.
Let's see.
We need to load Uvicorn.
So I'm going to load that.
And I'm going to go to this web page and have a look at this web page isn't exactly what we're looking
for.
It's not found.
So we're going to go directly back into cursor and work exactly the same way that we've been doing before,
where we're basically just going to tell it what's wrong and see what it recommends to fix the code.
Currently, I'm getting a 404 page not found.
And also I'd like to make sure that this application is working functionally.
Please can you help with this?
And you can see that the transcription isn't exactly what we're looking for.
But in the rough general scheme of things, we have got the ability to do this.
So let's have a look now.
So we're going to go and accept all those changes.
Then we're going to restart the web server and have a look at that.
So we've got this to do web page.
But when I'm adding it to do I'm running into the same error.
We've got some 42 Unprocessable entity, which is telling me that the input to a specific row is not
actually correct.
So let's have a look at how we could fix this.
So I'm going to get Python to fix any of these main.py errors inside of cursor.
So I'm going to click on Main.py, click copy, go to composer and then paste those in.
It's not working and we're just telling composer exactly what the problem is inside of VSCode.
And the add to do doesn't work at the moment.
It's updating this creating that table.
So you've got the to dos, create, update and delete.
And it's also adding the index file to fix the add to do as well.
So we'll just wait for composer to finish.
It's making that main.py and the index.html.
And again you can mix dictation with typing.
So hopefully this gives you a feel for that Let's look at that.
All right.
Cool.
So it looks like that works I can add to dos.
And they look like they persist.
And I can also cross them off.
Can I delete them.
I can indeed delete them.
So we've managed to do that at under four minutes.
So hopefully this shows you the power of combining dictation with tools like Cursor Composer.